this morning a leopard dropped a dead
Antelope out of a tree onto the ground
next to me and now I am splattered with
Antelope blood welcome to South Africa
[Music]
foreign
good morning from Cape Town after a
couple of weeks exploring in Namibia
which was amazing if you didn't see that
video I'll have it linked up here or
down below I've flown to South Africa to
spend a week exploring here I'm spending
a few days in Cape Town and then I'm
going to be flying to the Kruger
National Park area to visit Sabi Sands
which I will talk about more when I get
there I'm staying on the waterfront here
in Cape Town And to be honest my first
impression is that it reminds me of San
Francisco this morning when I woke up
there was this foggy low Marine layer
and there's lots of shops and
restaurants I have an incredible view
from this room which I was not expecting
and I'm super happy with my choice to
stay in this area so the first thing I
have planned here in Cape Town is a
private tour I thought about renting a
car but they drive on the left side of
the road here and that made me a little
nervous so I've hired a private guide
for half a day to take me down to
Simon's town where the boulders penguin
colony is and down to the Cape of Good
Hope The Boulders penguin Colony has a
pretty incredible origin story because
this Colony started in 1982 with just
two breeding pairs today it consists of
around 3 000 birds and they're under the
protection of the cape nature
conservation because the species is on
the verge of Extinction
[Music]
after spending some time with the
Penguins we drove down toward the Cape
of Good Hope which is the very tip of
the peninsula if you come to Cape Town
you have to do this drive and you'll
probably see some ostriches along the
way
foreign
[Music]
then heading back toward Cape Town we
drove the famous Chapman's Peak Drive
this is considered one of the most
spectacular Coastal drives in the world
the road was hacked into the near
vertical face of the mountain so you
feel like you're hanging over the water
and the views are outstanding
[Music]
once back in Cape Town I stopped in Beau
cop a neighborhood known for its
colorful homes and I've heard a few
different explanations behind why the
homes are painted so bright one is that
homeowners painted them bright as an
expression of Freedom another
explanation is people just bought
whatever paint color was cheapest
regardless this neighborhood has a lot
of history and they're even walking
tours you can take here to learn more
about it something else in Cape Town
that's an absolute must is a trip up the
table Mountain aerial Tramway when I
went up it was completely clouded in at
the top which was actually really cool
because I got to stand above the clouds
and then about 30 minutes later it
opened up and holy cow I think Cape Town
wins for the most scenic big city I have
ever been to the views you get up on the
mountains around this city on this Coast
are unreal another popular thing to do
here is hike lion's head this is an
iconic feature of Cape Town which you
can see here they're ridges circling
around it that you hike up you can even
see some tiny people standing on the top
this was on my list to do but the
morning I was going to do it it was
cloudy and completely rained out and I
wouldn't have had any views so I guess
I'm just gonna have to come back and do
it next time
[Music]
I've made it to Sabi Sans and I have so
much to tell you about this area Sabi
Sans is a privately owned Game Reserve
in the Kruger National Park area of
South Africa and it's considered by some
to be the best place in the world to
spot the big five which is lion leopard
Rhino elephant and buffalo and the
unique thing about Sabi Sans is it
shares an unfenced border with Kruger
National Parks you get all of the
wildlife of Krueger flowing freely in
and out of this land but because this is
a private reserve it doesn't have some
of the rules that Krueger does and I
talked about this a little bit in my
Namibia video the difference between a
private game reserve and a national park
in National Parks you can't enter until
after sunrise and the gates close at
Sunset so you miss out on all of that
animal activity really early in the day
and heading into the evening you also
have to stick to designated roads in a
national park which means you're limited
to what is visible from the big roads
and elusive animals like leopards don't
tend to hang out next to the road we're
on a private reserve you can drive any
time of day you can stay out at night
hunting with the Lions if you want you
can also drive anywhere on the reserve
so you don't have to stick to a certain
Road also the only way to get into a
reserve is to stay at a lodge there and
drive with their guides so you're not
going to be dealing with crowds which
isn't to say that national parks are a
bad idea I had a fantastic time at
Atasha in Namibia I actually think the
best thing to do would be to do both if
you have the time in your trip so I'm
going on game drives for the next few
days in the mornings and afternoons and
I'm excited to see what we find Sabi
Sans has a reputation for big cats
especially leopards which is part of why
I came here leopards are notoriously
elusive animals that can be really
tricky to find and get close to but Sabi
Sans fulfilled all of my leopard dreams
we spent a morning tracking a mother and
her older male Cub through the bush
these animals are so beautiful and they
weren't bothered by us either they
walked right up next to our vehicle
multiple times the only time they
actually looked at me was right here as
I was getting this shot and I was
silently losing it I mean look at that
and it's incredible how quickly they
move they never seemed to stop for more
than a few moments before continuing on
their way I can see why it's so hard to
spot them
[Music]
so I just had probably my craziest
Safari moment to date we found an older
male leopard cub this morning with a
dead Antelope up in the tree that he was
eating and we got to get so close to him
to watch him up in the tree but then he
dropped the antelope all the way to the
ground right next to us and I am now
splattered with Antelope blood it's all
over my jacket it was on my camera lens
it's wild that you have no idea what
you're going to see when you go out on
these drives every day every single one
is different
[Music]
foreign over the next few days I did
game drives at sunrise and sunset and
saw everything really Lions giraffes
zebras so many elephants one morning we
had a herd pass right through us which
was really spectacular elephants are
exceptionally intelligent animals
they're one of the few species that can
recognize itself in the mirror they're
the largest land mammal and can eat up
to 600 pounds of food a day but all of
that considered they're afraid of bees
African farmers will raise these to keep
elephants away from their crops and
another great sighting one morning at
breakfast after a sunrise game drive a
herd showed up at the river outside of
the lodge and talk about the best
breakfast view of your life
[Music]
I also saw wildebeest one morning there
was a group of them that had the Zoomies
they were chasing each other around and
around in circles taking up their heels
it was so cute I was really impressed
with my tracker and my guide they were
knowledgeable on every animal and it was
incredible how the tracker could pick up
footprints in the dirt and know what
animal it was how long ago it was there
what direction it was going we stayed
out after dark every night and there is
just nothing like being out in this
landscape after the sun goes down
so the lodge that I'm staying at here is
londelosi I'm at the vardy camp I looked
at so many lodges in Sabi Sands before
deciding on this one and honestly they
all looked phenomenal I don't think you
can go wrong with any of them but the
room here is what really sold me on this
one because I have this enormous Deck
with a plunge pool in loungers
overlooking the landscape it is what you
dream of when you think of going on an
African safari the property is beautiful
the service has been phenomenal and it's
all inclusive so you get a morning and
afternoon drive with a guide every day
all of your meals this is not sponsored
by the way it might be my new best place
I've ever stayed
[Music]
my final afternoon game Drive was one of
the most exciting of the entire trip we
went out in the afternoon looking for
lions and found a pride napping lions
are kind of funny that when they're
sleepy you can pull up right beside them
and they do not care and the reason we
can get so close to all of this Wildlife
is they see the vehicle and everyone in
it as one thing so they don't see us as
individual beings and don't see us as
something they could attack so we sat
with these lions and hung out for a
while all the way until Sunset and then
just after the sun went down they got up
and started moving into the thickets and
again this is one of the reasons it's so
exciting to be able to stay out after
sunset with these animals so we drove
with them all the way into these really
thick bushes and found that a couple of
lions from The Pride had just killed a
warthog there was this lioness with this
chunk she was carrying around so we
followed her and watched her eat it and
you know how sometimes at night the sky
is so gradually getting dark that you
don't really notice it until all of a
sudden you're like oh it's completely
black out here when the Lioness was done
eating her chunk of warthog the guide
turned all of the vehicle lights off and
that's when I had the realization that I
was sitting in a completely open vehicle
in complete darkness surrounded by
hungry Lions it was thrilling it was
still totally safe but wow what an
adrenaline rush
yeah
today is my last day in South Africa
which is so disappointing because I
don't want to leave one week was
definitely not enough if you come try to
come for two weeks at least this country
is so beautiful and it should absolutely
be on your travel list if it's not there
already if you are thinking of planning
a trip here one of the biggest questions
I was asked by all of you on social
media and my family and friends and even
locals while I was here in South Africa
is how do I feel about traveling alone
here South Africa has been on my travel
list for a while but I never thought I
would come here solo I always plan to
come on a tour but then I signed up for
this Namibia tour and Namibia borders
South Africa and I couldn't bear to come
all this way and not see South Africa
too so that's how I ended up here by
myself the reason I never planned on
this being a solo trip and I think the
reason I received so many questions
about this being a solo trip is South
Africa does have some safety concerns
and speaking to people I know who've
lived here or who are from here or
locals while I've been here everyone's
had the same sentiment of uh you've got
to be careful not so much at nice
private lodges like this but in the city
I had a great time this was definitely a
successful solo trip for me if you feel
hesitant about coming here by yourself
or you don't have a lot of travel
experience in places where you would
have to be more cautious I would
recommend coming on a tour and honestly
you get so much out of Tours so I think
a tour would also be super awesome I
hope you guys enjoyed coming along with
me on this one and I will see you next
time bye
[Music]
foreign